all right well then
how's it going mate what are you up to
yeah really good i've found an amazing
website a thousand backlinks for eight
pound 42 so i've been working on that
and guaranteed page one tomorrow
no seriously
you know yeah i'm really excited about
it
[Music]
[Applause]
all right best winter company
all right let's go
hey mate have you been here all night
yeah i've worked out an amazing plan
have i stuffed these keywords in here
for copy and pasting for the next few
days non-stop 24 hours a day i'll get us
to page one of google
oh dearly
you're joking right
hi mate
yeah i love that web design so good
yeah um if you send over the bill did
you say it was 25k is that right yeah if
you send it over i'll transfer the
amount
this afternoon thanks very much cheers
who's that
oh the new web design company uh brand
new spanking website 25k looks amazing
it's so good it's gonna get us so much
business
nice so how are your target customers
gonna find it i'm sorry
you're joking right
no
wasting money on digital marketing ain't
no joke
done right your website can be your very
best sales rep it's live 24 7 and it can
attract
build trust with engage qualify and
convert idle clients into a steady flow
of sales leads and opportunities all on
the basis that you're marketing on
channels
target customers actually use for things
like organic search when people are
searching for your product service or
offering
paid ads social
and more if you need help with designing
a website
and a marketing plan that actually
drives idle clients to you
give webchoiceuk.com
[Music]
[Applause]
oh dear